---
to: All Volunteers
subject: Student Robotics 2026 is starting
---

Hi All,

Organising for Student Robotics 2026 has [begun](https://studentrobotics.org/blog/2025-09-06-sr2026-registration-open/) - and **we need your help** to make it happen.

## Kickstart

30 teams from around the UK and Europe are registered and ready for the competition to be [kickstarted](https://studentrobotics.org/events/sr2026/kickstart/) on Saturday November 8th at the University of Southampton.

Kickstart is the event which kicks off a competition year. The structure of the competition and the game rules will be announced and of course any questions you have will be answered.

If you're around, it's a great way to learn about the upcoming competition, and get involved in organising it. If you're around, please come along!

## Get involved

There's loads of ways to help with SR2026, taking as much or as little time as you can give.

- The physical competition needs a small army of volunteers to run in numerous technical and non technical roles. We'll open sign ups for volunteering at the event as soon as we can confirm the venue
- Throughout the year there's lots of preparation to do for the competition and other events, with tasks big & small where any help is welcome. The [Areas](#areas) format from previous years is still here. To help with any of these, be sure to join our Weekly Forum (Wednesdays at 19:30)
- We're on the look out for mentors, who would regularly attend a teams' meetings (either virtually on in person) and assist them. We'll be opening up expressions of interest shortly after kickstart
- We'll be running Tech Days and in person events which will need people to help run. We're aiming to be running around one a month, and will be announcing dates and locations at kickstart.

Keep an eye on your inboxes for information about these opportunities as details are announced!

### Areas

Running Student Robotics is no small feat so to help spread the load we've allocated ["area owners"](https://studentrobotics.org/runbook/programme/area-owners/), each responsible for their own part of the competition.

This year, the charity has reorganised around these areas, rather than having both Areas and Committees. There's now just a single committee, with Area Owners. Things are still transitioning, but the aim is to improve efficiency and momentum.

This year there are the following areas:

- Livestream & Production
- Volunteer Coordination
- Kit Maintenance
- Area Logistics
- Game
- Team Support
- Marketing
- Fundraising
- Infrastructure

If you want to help out throughout the year, the Weekly Forum is the best place to start - Wednesdays at 19:30. Here, area owners give updates on how their areas are progressing, ask for help, and generally push the competition forwards. If you're interested in helping out with a specific area, feel free to reach out to an area owner directly instead. **No prior experience is necessary**, just a can do attitude!

## Stay up to date

If you want to keep up to date with the latest happenings in Student Robotics then you can [join our Slack](https://forms.gle/DsM45qByLA3heZELA). Most planning and ad-hoc communication occurs there and you'll be able to get stuck in if you want to! Events and meetings can be found on our [calendar](https://studentrobotics.org/runbook/volunteering/calendars/).

You could also subscribe to [SR(A)WN](https://studentrobotics.org/srawn/), our (almost) Weekly Newsletter. This contains headline updates from each Team and can be subscribed to via [RSS](https://studentrobotics.org/srawn/rss.xml) or [Google Groups](https://groups.google.com/g/srawn).

Thanks,
-- SR Committee (Alex, Jake & Will)
