---
to: All Volunteers
subject: Tech Day Volunteering
---

Hi Everyone!

## Tech Days

We've scheduled some tech days in Southampton, which will also be the dates for potential tech days in London. (The London tech days will only happen if enough teams express interest).

Tech days are days when we as volunteers make ourselves available to teams to help them out with their robots.
These days are great for people new to volunteering, as they're very relaxed, and there are usually plenty of more experienced Blueshirts around during the day. It's usually a great time for teams to make some progress, and for us to see how the robots are progressing.

The planned dates are:

- 15th December
- 9th February
- 9th March

If you have the time to help out, fill out this form to say you can come:
Help out at a tech day: https://goo.gl/forms/rzlrlU1eu3cyu2QH2

You can edit the form afterwards, so if you're not sure about a date, feel free to leave that date checked until you know (That way you'll get the reminder emails). The first tech day is this Saturday, so we really need you to say whether you can come by then.


## Mentoring

Also, if you want to help out more, we'll be starting mentoring in the new year, which are regular sessions where we go to teams where they are to assist them with their robot building.

We always have more teams wanting mentoring than available mentors, so it would be great if you had the time to put down when you're free in the form below. There are no obligations by putting down when you're free, we'll only pitch teams to you based on your available times. Also if you are inexperienced, we can try to match you with someone else who has done it before.

Sign up for mentoring: https://goo.gl/forms/mhBuvCIWOB4sZXT73
