---
to: All Volunteers
subject: Volunteer at Student Robotics competition and tech day
---

Hello,

# Competition Event

Student Robotics 2023 is being held at the University of Southampton on the
weekend of 1st and 2nd April.

We would like to hear from anyone who would be interested in volunteering at the
event and/or during setup days. If you're not sure if you'll be around, but
might be interested we'd still like to hear from you; we'll be following up to
confirm more details and roles nearer the time and after we have a sense of the
number of volunteers available.

Please note that we are unlikely to be able to fully reimburse travel and
accommodation costs, but are intending to contribute up to Â£85 per person to these
costs.

    [Volunteer at the Competition](https://forms.gle/HHy2f5naCvP46bZ59)

We're also looking for people to help organise the competition. Even if you only
have a small amount of time available, every contribution helps make the event
better for the competitors. If you'd like to help, please come along to a
competition meeting or contact <competition-team@studentrobotics.org>.

We will put more details on the [event
page](https://studentrobotics.org/events/sr2023/competition/) as they become
available.

## Tech Days

We also have a Tech Day upcoming on Saturday 11th March in Southampton. Tech
Days are an opportunity for teams to spend a whole day working on their robot
with lots of help available. They also provide an opportunity to see how the
teams are progressing and ensure they get the most out of their experience in
Student Robotics.

As a volunteer they're great opportunities for you to see how the teams are
doing and gain experience both with the kits and with supporting teams, while
being supported by other volunteers. No prior experience is needed.

If you are available and would like to help at Boldrewood Campus at the
University of Southampton, please fill in this form to let us know where and
when you're available:

    [Volunteer at a Tech Day](https://forms.gle/VjbEXqdYorcF2oaP7)

We will add more details to the [event
page](https://studentrobotics.org/events/sr2023/southampton-tech-day-march/) as they become available.

-- SR Competition Team
