---
to: All Volunteers
subject: SR2020 Kick-off
---

Hello,

Hope you have all been enjoying the summer and are now ready to start helping work towards Student Robotics 2020!

As you'll have seen from the trustees newsletter, the Competition Committee formed about a month ago. Since then we've formed an initial team and started planning for SR2020.

We'd like to introduce you to the team and outline how you can get involved.

Introducing the SR2020 Competition Team:

- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Andy Busse
- Antoine Petty
- Hope Shaw
- Jake Howard
- James Seden Smith
- Jenny Fletcher
- Peter Law

There are a few different ways for you to get involved:

## The Game

We are currently looking for game design ideas for this year's competition. To submit a game proposal, please email competition-team@studentrobotics.org with a short description of your game. You can submit anything from an idea for an interesting game mechanic to a fully formed game idea. Diagrams may be helpful to clarify your idea, but aren't required.

The capabilities of the robots are expected to be very similar to previous years. If you are unfamiliar with previous years' competitions, rulebooks can be found [here](https://github.com/srobo/srweb/tree/master/resources) and videos of the robots competing [here](https://www.youtube.com/user/studentrobotics). We also have a set of [game assessment criteria](https://srobo.github.io/runbook/programme/game-design/assessment-criteria/) we'll use to guide our choice of game.

The submission deadline is the end of Sunday 8th September. After this date all submissions will be reviewed and discussed during a meeting open to all volunteers before the game design in finalised.

We look forward to looking through all your game design submissions!

### Task tickets

Soon, we will have a sizable bank of tasks which need to be completed, which you can [find on GitHub](https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues). Each ticket there should have a small description of what needs to be done; and every task you can complete brings us one step closer to delivering another brilliant competition.

### Get involved

If you have some questions about a task you want to work on, or would just like to get a feel for what's going on, we will be opening our competition meetings for volunteers to join. The planned times will appear on [this calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=studentrobotics.org_oqdjasvpps8smo0d5nte417rak%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=Europe%2FLondon) and you can join in Google Meet using the link in the calendar event.

You can also [join our Slack server](https://goo.gl/forms/Maq41MHF8CYSRVn83) if you haven't already. This lets you chat with other SR volunteers and get more frequent updates on our progress.

Here's to Student Robotics 2020!

*- The SR Competition Team*
