---
to: Potential Volunteers
subject: Student Robotics January Update
---

Hi all,

Here’s a round-up of all the things we’re currently working on to make SR2021
awesome. As ever, if you’d like to get involved please join us in our [Slack][slack]
([signup form][slack-signup]).

#### League Sessions

For this years' competition, the league has been split into multiple _sessions_,
the first of which was last weekend. By splitting up the league, we encourage
teams to start working on their robot quickly, rather than leaving things to
the last minute.

On top of splitting up the league, we've also split up the game into "modules".
After each league sessions, we change the game slightly, requiring teams to
adapt their strategy quickly before competing in the new game in the next league
session.

Last weekend we [announced module 2][module-2-announcement], and the [next league session][next-league-session]
is on February 6th.

#### Mentoring

Mentoring is an opportunity for you to get to know a team and to grow your
communication and team working skills, as well as help them improve their robot.

Your role as a mentor is to guide the team towards good solutions for their
robot, provide assistance where they might need it as well as help them
understand the simulator, the rules and the competition as a whole. This doesn’t mean
that you need to know everything about these yourself (it’s completely fine not
to know things!), rather you will guide them towards finding the information for
themselves.

We have some [guidance for mentors][mentor-guidance] in our runbook which we
encourage all potential mentors to read, and we will support you through the year.

The time commitment for mentoring varies by team, though it is typical to spend
a few hours every week or fortnight on a mentoring session. Given this year we're
running a virtual-only competition, most meetings will happen via our Discord server,
either via text chat or video calls. We have a number of teams in Discord, who are
constantly asking questions, so
there's always a chance to help out.

If you're interested in becoming a mentor, reply to this email with your availability,
and we'll get you set up and introduced to some teams.

#### Friendlies

To give teams a feel for matches, we run friendly matches the weekend before league
sessions. These matches are entirely optional, and do not contribute to the league.
The matches are simply a chance to see how their robot performs against other
robots, as well as socialise with other teams and us volunteers.

Unlike our other events, friendlies are hosted by a large call of volunteers
rather than a few commentators. If you're interested in coming along and contributing
to the discussions, come along to a competition meeting.


[slack]: https://studentrobotics.slack.com
[slack-signup]: https://goo.gl/forms/Maq41MHF8CYSRVn83
[mentor-guidance]: https://studentrobotics.org/runbook/volunteering/mentor-guidance/
[module-2-announcement]: https://studentrobotics.org/news/2021-01-16-sr2021-first-league-sessions/
[next-league-session]: https://studentrobotics.org/events/sr2021/league-2/
